Answer my question whether you are coming.
Give me your promise that you will come to our party this evening.
He had no idea why she left.
He has solved the problem why the radio was out of order.
He hasn't made the decision whether he will go there.
He made a proposal that the meeting be postpone.
He made clear his desire that he should work hard to go to college.
He must answer the question whether he agrees to it or not.
He referred to Copernicus' statement that the earth moves round the sun.
He sent us a message that he won't come next week.
I can understand their eagerness that you should be the main speaker.
I had no idea that you were here.
I have gotten the message that Tom had won the game.
I have no idea what size shoes she wears.
I have no idea when he will come back.
I heard the news that our team had won.
I've come from Mr wang with a message that he won't be able to see you this afternoon.
I've come to the conclusion that it was unwise to do that.
It is difficult to answer your question how I did it.
My question how I shall get in touch with him has not been answered.
Our teacher gave us some advice how we should use the computer.
Soon came the order that all the people should obey the rules.
The fact that he had not said anything surprised everybody.
The fact that the money has gone does not mean it was stolen.
The idea that you can do this work well without thinking is quite wrong.
The order that we should send a few people to help the other groups was received yesterday.
The plan that you will go there next week has to be changed.
The possibility that the majority of the labour force will work at home is often discussed.
The question whether we should call in a specialist was answered by thefamily doctor.
The question who should do the work requires consideration.
The question who will take his place is still not clear.
The suggestion that the new rule be adopted came the chairman.
The thought came to him that maybe the enemy had fled the city.
There is no doubt that he is fit for this job.
There was a suggestion that Brown should be dropped from the team.
They are familiar with the opinion that all matter consists of atoms.
They expressed the wish that she accept the award.
They were faced with the demand that this tax be abolished.
They were worried over the fact that you were sick.
We all cheer up when we heared the news that our team won the first prize.
We are not investigating the question whether he is trustworthy.
We are not looking into the question whether he is worth trusting.
We don't understand the problem why this is the best choice.
We haven't yet settled the question where we are going to spend our TIME vacation.
Word came that he had been abroad.
Xiao Wang has solved the problem why the TV was out of order.
The news that they had won the game soon spread over the whole school.
The general gave the order that the soldiers should cross the river at once.
We'll discuss the problem whether the sports meeting will be held on time.
I have no idea when he will be back.
I have no impression how he went home,perhaps by bike.







