All the presents that your friends give you on your birthday should be put away.
During this terrible year they took only such food as they could find.
Football is a game which is liked by most boys.
Freedom is something which is won, not granted.
Glass, which breaks at a blow, is ,nevertheless, capable of withstanding great pressure.
He's not the kind of man who would go back on his words.
He gives the driest speech that I have ever listened to.
He has a friend whose father is a doctor.
He is a shallow thinker whose opinions aren't worth much.
He is not the same boy as he was.
He is the last man that I want.
He is the only one of the visitors that has been to PLACE.
He is the only one of us that knows Russian.
He likes to read books which are written by foreign writers.
He married a wife by whom he had two daughters.
He proudly pointed out the biggest sheep, which already weighed 150 kilograms.
He quickly knocked out the few things that had to be looked after before leaving.
He said nothing that made her angry.
He was the only person that could rule over the tribes.
He was watching the children and parcels that filled the car.
He who laughs last laughs best.
Her attitude to him was quite the same as it had always been.
Here is the car that I had told you about.
I'd like a room whose window looks out over the sea.
I've just struck on something which might be of use to us.
I dislike the school to which he belongs.
I don't know the reason why he looks unhappy today.
I feel sorry for famous people who live their lives in the glare of publicity.
I gave him old clothes which he made a penny of.
I have never seen such a man as you talked about.
I have no money that I can spare.
I have some things that I must do today.
I like the book whose cover is yellow.
I like those cookies that are coated with chocolate spread.
I never heard such stories as he tells.
I once lived in the house whose roof has fallen in.
I remember the years when he lived in the countryside with his grandparents.
I still remember the day when I first came to this school.
I visited a scientist whose name is known all over the country.
I visited the farm where a lot of cows were raised .
I went off in search of a garage where I could buy some petrol.
I will never forget the three years that I spent in the junior middle school.
If you run back over the season, you can't pick out a game in which he played badly.
Is he the man that sells eggs.
Is he the man that sells eggs?
It is in this place that he once lived.
It is the same song that I heard yesterday afternoon.
It was the largest map that I ever saw.
Jenney dreams of the day when she will be playing the piano for a living.
Lally was right about the repairs which the cottage needed.
Li Ming is just the boy whom I want to see.
Mr Liu is the person whom you talked about on the bus.
Nobody is going to buy a house whose front door opens onto a gas works.
Painting is something that I really enjoy doing.
People who walk on the grass are liable to a fine.
Polly is the most direct young woman that I have ever come across.
Returning to a city where one used to live can be a saddening experience.
Rule out neatly any words which you don't wish Jack to read.
She is one of the students that work very hard.
She is the very person that I wanted to see.
She was shown into a small room, where there was a dying man.
She was the last person that came back.
That's the girl (whom) I teach.
That's the same man that asked for help the day before yesterday.
That's the way how I learn English.
That is the reason why we must go now.
That was the reason why he refused to speak at the meeting.
The bike and its rider that had run over an old man were taken to the police station.
The boys who are playing football are from Class One.
The classroom whose door is broken will soon be repaired.
The custom dates from the times when men wore swords.
The earthquake that you were talking about sounded frightening.
The factory which makes computers is far away from here.
The film which they went to see last night was not interesting at all.
The first thing that I want to do now is to have a drink.
The girl whom  the teacher often praises is our monitor.
The girl with whom he had been living for two years suddenly packed her bags and left.
The house where I lived ten years ago has been pulled down.
The journey,  which I remember well, was very pleasant.
The letter that I received from him yesterday is very important.
The man (whom) we sent the present to is a doctor of laws.
The man who I saw is called Smith.
The man who is shaking hands with my father is a policeman.
The man who telephoned was a friend of yours.
The man whom you met just now is my old friend.
The manager whose company I work in pays much attention to improving our working conditions.
The number of people that come to visit this city each year reaches one million.
The patient,who had been asleep for nearly three hours,began to move his limbs.
The person (whom) you wish to see has come.
The person that you introduced to me is very kind.
The play, whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.
The play,whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.
The police have pulled in a half dozen people whom they suspect.
The professor whom you are waiting for has come.
The reason why he is late is that his car went wrong.
The reason why he was punished is unknown to us.
The reason why she didn't get the job was that her English was not very good.
The room whose window faces south is mine.
The school which he once studied in is very famous.
The season which comes after TIME is summer.
The situation (which) we had got into was very dangerous.
The sports day is an occasion which we can all join in.
The third tree that I planted was cut down by someone again.
The time when we got together finally arrived.
The tourists sought out a shady spot where they sat down and rested.
The two brothers were satisfied with this decision,as was agreed beforehand.
The women never drink in this manner, which is absolutely special to men.
The worst matter that I am afraid of happened in the end.
There is a lady who wants to see you.
There is a special parasite which gives rise to the itch.
There is every chance that she will succeed.
There were long periods when we had no news of him.
They pushed open all the windows that remained closed for a whole month.
This could be the winning game for the challenger, who only needs two more points for the championship.
This is one of the basic reasons why some of our work can't be done well.
This is the boy whom I played tennis with yesterday.
This is the hour when the place is full of people.
This is the pen which  he bought yesterday.
This is the place where they fought the enemy.
This is the point,from which all distances are measured.
This is the room which is kept for the reception of visitors.
This is the very book that I have been looking for.
This is the way how he always treats me.
Those who want to go to the museum must be at the school gate at 7 tomorrow morning.
Those who were trapped under the ruins finally got rescued.
TIME was the day when the People's Republic of PLACE was founded.
Tomorrow I'll bring here the magazine which you asked for.
Watch for our new improved product, which will be on the market next week!
Water is the natural medium in which most fish live.
We'll go to hear the famous singer whom  we have often talked about.
We have worked out a scheme which should save the company several thousand pounds a year.
We may eventually become members of the club, but this is not something that should be rushed into.
We talked about the persons and things that we remembered in school.
We will try to help parents improve the ways that they talk with their children.
Which of the books that you bought yesterday was written by Bacon?
Would you please correct any wrong spellings that you find?
Yesterday I helped an old man who had lost his way.
Yesterday I received a letter  which came from  PLACE.
You tell me the reason why you missed the plane.
