Admitting he has ability and interest, it does not mean he has time to do the job.
Admitting that he has ability and interest, it does not mean he has time to do the j
Although air is light, it has weight.
Although he is very old, yet he is quite strong.
Although he was exhausted, still he kept on working.
Although he was worn out, he kept on working.
Although he was worn out, still he kept on working.
Although you may object, I'll go.
Can you tell me whether it will rain or not tomorrow?
Child as he is, he know a lot.
Child as he was, he knew what was the right thing to do.
Child though he is, he know a lot.
Child though he was, he knew what was the right thing to do.
Even if he is poor, she loves him.
Even though he is poor, she loves him.
Fast as you read, you can¡¯t finish the book so soon.
Granted that you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
Granted you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
Granting that you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
Granting you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
Hard as he works, he makes little progress.
Hard though he works, he makes little progress.
However expensive it may be, I'll take it.
However hard I have tried, I can not find the answer.
However often you ring, no one will answer.
However talented a man may be, the collective will always be wiser and stronger.
It was an exciting game, although no goals were scored.
It was an exciting game, though no goals were scored.
No matter how hard I have tried, I can not find the answer.
No matter what I say or how I say it, he always thinks I'm wrong.
No matter what happened, he would not mind.
No matter what you say, I won't believe you.
No matter when it rains, this river is flooded.
No matter which book you borrow, you must return it in a week.
No matter who you are, you must keep the law.
Object as you may, I¡¯ll go.
She passed the examination though she had not studied very hard.
Though all the world were against me, I would still hold to my opinion.
Though he is very old, yet he is quite strong. 
Though he looks weak, but he is healthy.
Though he looks weak, he is healthy.
Though he tries hard, he never seems.
Though he was a child, he knew what was the right thing to do.
Though he was exhausted, still he kept on working.
Though he was worn out, he kept on working.
Though he was worn out, still he kept on working.
Though he works hard, he makes little progress.
Though you may object, I'll go.
Try hard as he will, he never seems able to do the work satisfactorily.
We won't be discouraged even if we fail ten times.
We won't be discouraged even though we fail ten times.
We'll make a trip even if the weather is bad.
We'll make a trip even ithough the weather is bad.
We'll make a trip even though the weather is bad.
Whatever happened, he would not mind.
Whatever you say, I won't believe you.
Whenever it rains, this river is flooded.
Whether it rains or not, I shall go out for an outing tomorrow.
Whether you believe it or not, it's true.
Whichever book you borrow, you must return it in a week.
While I like the color, I don't like the shape.
Whoever you are, you must keep the law.
You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you're free or busy.
