I will stay here provided the climate agrees with me.
I will stay here providing the climate agrees with me.
I would have arrived much earlier if I had not been caught in the traffic.
If I were you, I would invite him to the party.
If bears are in danger, they attack people.
If bears are in danger, they attack people.
If it rains tomorrow, we will not go to the zoo.
If it stops snowing we can go out.
If you ask him, he will help you.
If you fail in the exam, you will let him down.
If you park your car in the wrong place, a traffic policeman will soon find it.
If you receive arequest like this, you can not fail to obey it.
If you want to lose weight you must eat less bread.
If you want to lose weight you should eat less bread.
Provided you clear your desk by this evening, you can have tomorrow off.
Provided you promise not to tell anyone else, I'11 explain the secret.
Providing there is no opposition, we shall hold the meeting here.
Providing you clear your desk by this evening, you can have tomorrow off.
Providing you promise not to tell anyone else, I'11 explain the secret.
She will keep on singing unless she is told to stop.
The concert will be held as schedule unless there is a typhoon.
Unless it rains, the game will be played.
Unless you keep the meat in the fridge, it goes bad.
Unless you listen carefully, you won't know the answer.
We can walk there if we can't find a bus.
We will go hiking unless it rains tomorrow.
What will you do if you find a panda in danger.
You can borrow my bike provided you bring it back.
You will be very lucky if he lets you go without a ticket.
You'll fail in French unless you work harder.
Unless England improve their game they're going to lose the match.
I wouldn't be saying this unless I were sure of the facts.
The other banks are going to be very eager to help,provided that they see that he has a specific plan.
I shall go provided that it doesn't rain.
I will go providing that my expenses are paid.
I will agree to go providing that my expenses are paid.
I will agree to go provided that my expenses are paid.
He will take the job providing that he may do it in his own time.

