Above the trees are the mountains, whose magnificence the river faithfully reflects on the surface.
Angles, whose native language is German, can read and write in several foreign languages.          
As is known to the PLACE, Mark Twain is a great American writer.                                   
As we all know, the earth is round.                                                                
PLACE, which was founded in TIME, is becoming more and more powerful.                              
He forgot to bring his pen with him, as was often the case.                                        
He has a son , who is an actor.                                                                    
He has to work on TIME, which he doesn't like.                                                     
He is absorbed in work, as he often was.                                                           
He may have acute appendicitis,in which case he will have to be operated on.                       
He said that he had never seen her before,which was not true.                                      
He saw the girl, which delighted him.                                                              
He will put off the picnic until TIME, when he will be free.                                       
His head soon appeared out of the second storey windows,from where he could see nothing but trees. 
His mother, who loves him very much, is strict with him.                                           
I admire the man , who wears a big smile.                                                          
I like the girl , who is making a pose.                                                            
I went to bed at ten,before when I was reading for an hour.                                        
In his office there are nine clerks,the youngest of whom is Mr Liu.                                
Last TIME I visited the People's Great Hall, in which many important meetings are held every year. 
Light is the fast thing in the world, the speed of which is 300000 kilometer per second.           
Mr Smith,from whom I have learned a lot,is a famous scientist.                                     
My gardener,who is very pessimistic,says that there will be no apples this year.                   
Our guide,who was a French Canadian,was an excellent cook.                                         
Peter, whom you met in PLACE, is now back in PLACE.                                                
She is always careless,which we should not be.                                                     
She is an artist,which I am not.                                                                   
She was very patient towards the children,which her husband seldom was.                            
Sun Yida, whom everyone likes very much,  is one of the best athletes in our class.                
PLACE is,as you know,an inseparable part of PLACE.                                                 
The Thames, which is now clean enough to swim in, was polluted for over a hundred years.           
The book, which your sister bought you in PLACE, is very useful in improving your spoken English.  
The boy, whose father is an engineer, studies very hard.                                           
The novel is very interesting, which made me very glad.                                            
The novel, which I read last night, is very interesting.                                           
The old man has a son , who is in the army .                                                       
The play,whose style is informal,is popular with the young people.                                 
The play,whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.                                   
The sun heats the earth , which makes it possible for plants to grow.                              
The two brothers were satisfied with this decision,as was agreed beforehand.                       
The two policemen were completely trusted,which in fact they were.                                 
There are 30 chairs in the small hall, most of which are new.                                      
These apple trees,which I planted three years ago,have not borne any fruit.                        
They went to PLACE,where they lived for six months.                                                
Water,which is a clear liquid,has many uses.                                                       
We will put off the outing until next week,when we won't be so busy.                               
Wei Hua spent four years in the PLACE, during which period she studied law.                        
When deeply absorbed in work,which he often was,he would forget all about eating and sleeping.     
Xi'an, which I visited last year, is a nice old city.                                              
My friend, who has served on the International Olympic Committee all his life, is retiring next month.
Have you seen the film Titanic, whose leading actor is world famous?





