Everything depends on whether you agree with us.              
He answered that he was listening to me.                      
He asked if you had written to Peter.                         
He asked me where he could find Lucy .                        
He asked whose handwriting was the best.                      
He hesitated about whether he should drive or take the train. 
He is wondering when can he finish this difficult job.        
He said that he would go back to the PLACE soon.              
He suggested we should clean the corridor every day.          
He told me that he was preparing for the English test.        
I am glad that you can join us.                               
I am happy that I have passed the exam.                       
I am sorry that I have troubled you so long.                  
I am sure I will pass the exam.                               
I asked him whether he had done all the work himself or whethe
I asked if I didn't come to school yesterday.                 
I can't say whether or not thet can come on time.             
I don't care whether or not it will rain.                     
I don't think  hens can fly.                                  
I don't think he likes the English teacher.                   
I feel it a pity that I haven't been to the get-together.     
I found it impossible that he could finish it in such a short 
I have found out that all the tickets for the concert have bee
I have made it a rule that I keep diaries.                    
I heard it said that he had gone abroad.                      
I think it necessary that we take plenty of hot water every da
I think it very strange that he goes out walking almost every 
I thought it impossible that he could finish this job in just 
I want to know if  he broke my e-dictionary yesterday.        
Nobody knew whether he could pass the exam.                   
None of us knows where these new parts can be bought.         
Our teacher said that TIME is the first month of the year.    
Our teacher told us that light travels much faster than sound.
Please tell me when we'll have the meeting.                   
Please tell us what they bought in the mall yesterday.        
Scientists have proved that the earth turns around the sun.   
Tell him which class you are in .                             
The book will show you what the best CEOs know.               
The headmaster hopes everything goes well.                    
The teacher said that the moon goes around the earth yesterday
We all consider what you said to be unbelievable.             
We all expect that they will win , for members of their team a
We all find it important that we  make a quick decision about 
We are talking about whether we admit students into our club. 
We decided whether to walk there.                             
We discovered what we had learned to be valuable.             
We suppose you have finished the project.                     
We take it that you will agree with us.                       
We think it wrong that he told a lie to everyone.             
We'll be told tomorrow whether we should take the exam or not.
He told that he would go to the college the next year.
I don't know if there will be a bus any more.
I don't know whom you should depend on.
He didn't tell me when we should meet again.
He told us that they would help us though the whole work.
He told me that he would go to the college the next year.






