At that time,it seemed as if I couldn't think of the right word.     
PLACE is not what it used to be.                                     
Fame and personal gain is what they're after.                        
He has become what he wanted to be ten years ago.                    
He is no longer what he was.                                         
His first question was whether Mr. Smith had arrived yet.            
His sole requirement was that the system work.                       
His suggestion is that we should stay calm.                          
It is not as though we were poor.                                    
It isn't as this is what I want, if you were going away for ever.     
It looked as if it was going to rain.                                
It sounds as if someone is knocking at the door.                     
It's just because he doesn't know her.                               
My hope is that he will keep it a secret for ever.                   
My idea is that we should start making preparations right now.       
My problem is which computer to choose.                              
My question is who will take over president of the Foundation.       
My suggestion is that we should start early tomorrow.                
My suggestion is that we should tell him.                            
Next TIME is when we shall meet.                                     
Now it was as though she had known Millie for years.                 
She has remained where I stood yesterday for an hour.                
That is because he had to help his little sister with her homework.  
That is where he was born.                                           
That was when I was fifteen.                                         
That's what I want to stress.                                        
That's what we are here for.                                         
That's where I first met her.                                        
That's where you are wrong.                                          
That's why I object to the plan.                                     
That's why he didn't come.                                           
The agument is whether it rains tomorrow.                            
The fact is that he doesn't really try.                              
The house is where Lu Xun once lived.                                
The point is whether we should lend him the money.                   
The problem is how we can find him.                                  
The problem is how we can get the things we need.                    
The problem is when we can get a pay rise.                           
The problem is who can do the work.                                  
The problem is who we can get to replace her.                        
The question is whether the enemy is marching towards us.            
The question is whether the film is worth seeing.                    
The question is whether we can rely on him.                          
The question is who we should trust.                                 
The trouble is that I have lost his address.                         
The trouble is that we are short of funds.                           
This is what I want.                                                 
This is why I am late.                                               
You are not who I thought you were.
China is no longer what she used to be.
The question remains whether they will be able to help us.

                                
