How this happened is not clear to anyone.                     
That he will come is certain.                                 
That he will help others is a fact.                           
That he will not come to the meeting this evening is true.    
That price will go up is certain.                             
What I want to know is this.                                  
What we need is money.                                        
Whatever he did is right.                                     
Whatever she did was right.                                   
When he will be back depends on the weather.                  
When he will come is a puzzle.                                
When he will come is not known.                               
When we'll start tomorrow will be told soon.                  
Where the test will be given is not yet decided.              
Whether the meeting will be put off has not been decided yet. 
Whether they would support us was a problem.                  
Which side will win is not clear.                            
Who killed the scientist remains a question.                  
Whoever breaks the law will be punished.                      
Whoever wants to enter into this school must take the exam.   
What he needs are some books.                                 
It is certain that she will do well in her exam.              
It's a pity that we can't go.                                 
It is said that Mr. Green has arrived in PLACE.               
It happened that I was out that day.                          
It doesn't matter whether she will come or not.               
It's a pity that he didn't come.
It was a problem whether they would support us.
It remains to be seen whether it will do us harm or good.
That you didn't go to the talk was a pity.
That you will win the medal seems unlikely.
That you are so indifferent bothers me.
That she survived the accident is a miracle.
Whether she is coming or not doesn't matter too much.
What you need is more practice.
What I want to know is this.
Where we should leave it is a problem.
When they will come hasn't been made pubic.
It is known to all that light travels in straight lines.
When the plane is to take off has not been announced.
Which of them escaped from the prison is still a mystery.
It is a mystery to me how it all happened.
It is common knowledge that the whale is not a fish.
It is no surprise that Bob should have won the game.
It is doubtful whether she will be able to come.
It was really astonishing that he refused to talk to you.
It is essential that he should be here by the weekend.
It does not make any difference whether it rains or not.
It shocked me that Peter did not tell anybody where he was.
It does not interest me whether you go or not.


