AC	Answer my question whether you are coming.
AC	Give me your promise that you will come to our party this evening.
AC	He had no idea why she left.
AC	He has solved the problem why the radio was out of order.
AC	He hasn't made the decision whether he will go there.
AC	He made a proposal that the meeting be postpone.
AC	He made clear his desire that he should work hard to go to college.
AC	He must answer the question whether he agrees to it or not.
AC	He referred to Copernicus' statement that the earth moves round the sun.
AC	He sent us a message that he won't come next week.
AC	I can understand their eagerness that you should be the main speaker.
AC	I had no idea that you were here.
AC	I have gotten the message that Tom had won the game.
AC	I have no idea what size shoes she wears.
AC	I have no idea when he will come back.
AC	I heard the news that our team had won.
AC	I've come from Mr wang with a message that he won't be able to see you this afternoon.
AC	I've come to the conclusion that it was unwise to do that.
AC	It is difficult to answer your question how I did it.
AC	My question how I shall get in touch with him has not been answered.
AC	Our teacher gave us some advice how we should use the computer.
AC	Soon came the order that all the people should obey the rules.
AC	The fact that he had not said anything surprised everybody.
AC	The fact that the money has gone does not mean it was stolen.
AC	The idea that you can do this work well without thinking is quite wrong.
AC	The order that we should send a few people to help the other groups was received yesterday.
AC	The plan that you will go there next week has to be changed.
AC	The possibility that the majority of the labour force will work at home is often discussed.
AC	The question whether we should call in a specialist was answered by thefamily doctor.
AC	The question who should do the work requires consideration.
AC	The question who will take his place is still not clear.
AC	The suggestion that the new rule be adopted came the chairman.
AC	The thought came to him that maybe the enemy had fled the city.
AC	There is no doubt that he is fit for this job.
AC	There was a suggestion that Brown should be dropped from the team.
AC	They are familiar with the opinion that all matter consists of atoms.
AC	They expressed the wish that she accept the award.
AC	They were faced with the demand that this tax be abolished.
AC	They were worried over the fact that you were sick.
AC	We all cheer up when we heared the news that our team won the first prize.
AC	We are not investigating the question whether he is trustworthy.
AC	We are not looking into the question whether he is worth trusting.
AC	We don't understand the problem why this is the best choice.
AC	We haven't yet settled the question where we are going to spend our TIME vacation.
AC	Word came that he had been abroad.
AC	Xiao Wang has solved the problem why the TV was out of order.
AC	The news that they had won the game soon spread over the whole school.
AC	The general gave the order that the soldiers should cross the river at once.
AC	We'll discuss the problem whether the sports meeting will be held on time.
AC	I have no idea when he will be back.
AC	I have no impression how he went home,perhaps by bike.
ATC	All the presents that your friends give you on your birthday should be put away.
ATC	During this terrible year they took only such food as they could find.
ATC	Football is a game which is liked by most boys.
ATC	Freedom is something which is won, not granted.
ATC	Glass, which breaks at a blow, is ,nevertheless, capable of withstanding great pressure.
ATC	He's not the kind of man who would go back on his words.
ATC	He gives the driest speech that I have ever listened to.
ATC	He has a friend whose father is a doctor.
ATC	He is a shallow thinker whose opinions aren't worth much.
ATC	He is not the same boy as he was.
ATC	He is the last man that I want.
ATC	He is the only one of the visitors that has been to PLACE.
ATC	He is the only one of us that knows Russian.
ATC	He likes to read books which are written by foreign writers.
ATC	He married a wife by whom he had two daughters.
ATC	He proudly pointed out the biggest sheep, which already weighed 150 kilograms.
ATC	He quickly knocked out the few things that had to be looked after before leaving.
ATC	He said nothing that made her angry.
ATC	He was the only person that could rule over the tribes.
ATC	He was watching the children and parcels that filled the car.
ATC	He who laughs last laughs best.
ATC	Her attitude to him was quite the same as it had always been.
ATC	Here is the car that I had told you about.
ATC	I'd like a room whose window looks out over the sea.
ATC	I've just struck on something which might be of use to us.
ATC	I dislike the school to which he belongs.
ATC	I don't know the reason why he looks unhappy today.
ATC	I feel sorry for famous people who live their lives in the glare of publicity.
ATC	I gave him old clothes which he made a penny of.
ATC	I have never seen such a man as you talked about.
ATC	I have no money that I can spare.
ATC	I have some things that I must do today.
ATC	I like the book whose cover is yellow.
ATC	I like those cookies that are coated with chocolate spread.
ATC	I never heard such stories as he tells.
ATC	I once lived in the house whose roof has fallen in.
ATC	I remember the years when he lived in the countryside with his grandparents.
ATC	I still remember the day when I first came to this school.
ATC	I visited a scientist whose name is known all over the country.
ATC	I visited the farm where a lot of cows were raised .
ATC	I went off in search of a garage where I could buy some petrol.
ATC	I will never forget the three years that I spent in the junior middle school.
ATC	If you run back over the season, you can't pick out a game in which he played badly.
ATC	Is he the man that sells eggs.
ATC	Is he the man that sells eggs?
ATC	It is in this place that he once lived.
ATC	It is the same song that I heard yesterday afternoon.
ATC	It was the largest map that I ever saw.
ATC	Jenney dreams of the day when she will be playing the piano for a living.
ATC	Lally was right about the repairs which the cottage needed.
ATC	Li Ming is just the boy whom I want to see.
ATC	Mr Liu is the person whom you talked about on the bus.
ATC	Nobody is going to buy a house whose front door opens onto a gas works.
ATC	Painting is something that I really enjoy doing.
ATC	People who walk on the grass are liable to a fine.
ATC	Polly is the most direct young woman that I have ever come across.
ATC	Returning to a city where one used to live can be a saddening experience.
ATC	Rule out neatly any words which you don't wish Jack to read.
ATC	She is one of the students that work very hard.
ATC	She is the very person that I wanted to see.
ATC	She was shown into a small room, where there was a dying man.
ATC	She was the last person that came back.
ATC	That's the girl whom I teach.
ATC	That's the same man that asked for help the day before yesterday.
ATC	That's the way how I learn English.
ATC	That is the reason why we must go now.
ATC	That was the reason why he refused to speak at the meeting.
ATC	The bike and its rider that had run over an old man were taken to the police station.
ATC	The boys who are playing football are from Class One.
ATC	The classroom whose door is broken will soon be repaired.
ATC	The custom dates from the times when men wore swords.
ATC	The earthquake that you were talking about sounded frightening.
ATC	The factory which makes computers is far away from here.
ATC	The film which they went to see last night was not interesting at all.
ATC	The first thing that I want to do now is to have a drink.
ATC	The girl whom the teacher often praises is our monitor.
ATC	The girl with whom he had been living for two years suddenly packed her bags and left.
ATC	The house where I lived ten years ago has been pulled down.
ATC	The journey, which I remember well, was very pleasant.
ATC	The letter that I received from him yesterday is very important.
ATC	The man whom we sent the present to is a doctor of laws.
ATC	The man who I saw is called Smith.
ATC	The man who is shaking hands with my father is a policeman.
ATC	The man who telephoned was a friend of yours.
ATC	The man whom you met just now is my old friend.
ATC	The manager whose company I work in pays much attention to improving our working conditions.
ATC	The number of people that come to visit this city each year reaches one million.
ATC	The patient,who had been asleep for nearly three hours,began to move his limbs.
ATC	The person whom you wish to see has come.
ATC	The person that you introduced to me is very kind.
ATC	The play, whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.
ATC	The police have pulled in a half dozen people whom they suspect.
ATC	The professor whom you are waiting for has come.
ATC	The reason why he is late is that his car went wrong.
ATC	The reason why he was punished is unknown to us.
ATC	The reason why she didn't get the job was that her English was not very good.
ATC	The room whose window faces south is mine.
ATC	The school which he once studied in is very famous.
ATC	The season which comes after TIME is summer.
ATC	The situation which we had got into was very dangerous.
ATC	The sports day is an occasion which we can all join in.
ATC	The third tree that I planted was cut down by someone again.
ATC	The time when we got together finally arrived.
ATC	The tourists sought out a shady spot where they sat down and rested.
ATC	The two brothers were satisfied with this decision,as was agreed beforehand.
ATC	The women never drink in this manner, which is absolutely special to men.
ATC	The worst matter that I am afraid of happened in the end.
ATC	There is a lady who wants to see you.
ATC	There is a special parasite which gives rise to the itch.
ATC	There is every chance that she will succeed.
ATC	There were long periods when we had no news of him.
ATC	They pushed open all the windows that remained closed for a whole month.
ATC	This could be the winning game for the challenger, who only needs two more points for the championship.
ATC	This is one of the basic reasons why some of our work can't be done well.
ATC	This is the boy whom I played tennis with yesterday.
ATC	This is the hour when the place is full of people.
ATC	This is the pen which he bought yesterday.
ATC	This is the place where they fought the enemy.
ATC	This is the point,from which all distances are measured.
ATC	This is the room which is kept for the reception of visitors.
ATC	This is the very book that I have been looking for.
ATC	This is the way how he always treats me.
ATC	Those who want to go to the museum must be at the school gate at 7 tomorrow morning.
ATC	Those who were trapped under the ruins finally got rescued.
ATC	TIME was the day when the People's Republic of PLACE was founded.
ATC	Tomorrow I'll bring here the magazine which you asked for.
ATC	Watch for our new improved product, which will be on the market next week!
ATC	Water is the natural medium in which most fish live.
ATC	We'll go to hear the famous singer whom we have often talked about.
ATC	We have worked out a scheme which should save the company several thousand pounds a year.
ATC	We may eventually become members of the club, but this is not something that should be rushed into.
ATC	We talked about the persons and things that we remembered in school.
ATC	We will try to help parents improve the ways that they talk with their children.
ATC	Which of the books that you bought yesterday was written by Bacon?
ATC	Would you please correct any wrong spellings that you find?
ATC	Yesterday I helped an old man who had lost his way.
ATC	Yesterday I received a letter which came from PLACE.
ATC	You tell me the reason why you missed the plane.
PADVC	She thinks more about her appearance than she thinks about her personality.
CMPADVC	She thinks more about her appearance than she thinks about her personality.
PADVC	He woke up as suddenly as he had fallen asleep.
CMPADVC	He woke up as suddenly as he had fallen asleep.
PADVC	Man developed earlier than people think.
CMPADVC	Man developed earlier than people think.
PADVC	He moves more slowly than his sister does.
CMPADVC	He moves more slowly than his sister does.
PADVC	The youth of today are better off than we used to be.
CMPADVC	The youth of today are better off than we used to be.
PADVC	I hope you like it as much as I do.
CMPADVC	I hope you like it as much as I do.
PADVC	He feels no better today than he did yesterday.
CMPADVC	He feels no better today than he did yesterday.
PADVC	The weather is not so cold as it was last winter.
CMPADVC	The weather is not so cold as it was last winter.
PADVC	It is not as easy as you think.
CMPADVC	It is not as easy as you think.
PADVC	The work did not go so smoothly as we hoped.
CMPADVC	The work did not go so smoothly as we hoped.
PADVC	Man grows faster than the planet he inhabits.
CMPADVC	Man grows faster than the planet he inhabits.
PADVC	We have produced even more coal this year than we did that year.
CMPADVC	We have produced even more coal this year than we did that year.
PADVC	We seemed to understand human nature as well as do science.
CMPADVC	We seemed to understand human nature as well as do science.
PADVC	She drives better than her husband does.
CMPADVC	She drives better than her husband does.
PADVC	I read as many pages as they are required to be read.
CMPADVC	I read as many pages as they are required to be read.
PADVC	The winters in Hangzhou are not so mild as they are in Guangzhou.
CMPADVC	The winters in Hangzhou are not so mild as they are in Guangzhou.
PADVC	He eats more than is good for him.
CMPADVC	He eats more than is good for him.
PADVC	There were more casualties than was reported.
CMPADVC	There were more casualties than was reported.
PADVC	Work is as necessary for sound mind as it is necessary for sound body.
CMPADVC	Work is as necessary for sound mind as it is necessary for sound body.
PADVC	he was more agreeable than he was last night.
CMPADVC	he was more agreeable than he was last night.
PADVC	That's as good a place as I can find.
CMPADVC	That's as good a place as I can find.
PADVC	The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance.
CMPADVC	The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance.
PADVC	The longer the treatment is delayed, the worse the prognosis will be.
CMPADVC	The longer the treatment is delayed, the worse the prognosis will be.
PADVC	An object draws the harder, the more matter it contains.
CMPADVC	An object draws the harder, the more matter it contains.
PADVC	I like you the more, the more I know you.
CMPADVC	I like you the more, the more I know you.
PADVC	The more you read, the better will you write.
CMPADVC	The more you read, the better will you write.
PADVC	The higher the temperature is, the greater the pressure is.
CMPADVC	The higher the temperature is, the greater the pressure is.
CMAS	I help him and he helps me.
CMAS	Right now it's the summer vacation and I'm helping my dad on the farm.
CMAS	Not only is he our teacher, but also he is our friend.
CMAS	Neither did the naughty boy go home nor did his parents come to search for him.
CMAS	The teacher's name is Smith, and the student's name is John.
CMAS	Not only did we write to her but also we telegraphed her.
CMAS	Neither I would consult him nor he would ask me for advice.
CMAS	I like thrillers and I like action movies, too.
CMAS	I like watching TV and I like seeing film.
CMAS	I like watching TV, my brother likes seeing film and my sister likes playing football.
CMAS	I tried my best, and I caught up with him at last.
CMAS	My father is a teacher and my mother is a nurse.
CMAS	I not only heard it but also saw it.
CMAS	He was working in a shoes factory and now he retires.
CMAS	He is fat and he is trying to lose weight.
CMAS	he had been arrested and he was imprisoned.
CMAS	I bought a present and he likes it very much.
CMAS	The sun not only gives us the light but also it gives us heat.
CMAS	He not only works hard but also he is handsome.
CMAS	She neither changed her mind, she will nor do so.
CMBS	It never rains but it pours.
CMBS	I like tea while she likes coffee.
CMBS	she would be late, yet she arrived on time.
CMBS	She looks very young, but she is already in her 30's.
CMBS	He is good-natured; still I don't like him.
CMBS	The book is expensive; however, it's worth it.
CMBS	I am sorry to trouble you, but can you show me the way to the park.
CMBS	Learning the guitar isn't difficult, but you have to practice.
CMBS	The man hunted for jobs in new York for months, and yet he couldn¡¯t find any.
CMBS	It is strange, yet it is true.
CMBS	he was our friend, yet he wouldn't help us.
CMBS	he was certain, However he was wrong.
CMBS	He is tall while his elder brother is short.
CMBS	You clean the window while I mop the floor.
CMBS	Hurry up or you will miss the first bus.
CMBS	Hurry up otherwise you will miss the first bus.
CMBS	Hurry up or else you will miss the first bus.
CMBS	Seize the chance, otherwise you'll regret.
CMCS	Hurry up, or else you'll be late.
CMCS	You must go early, otherwise you will miss the bus.
CMCS	Will he still be there or will he have gone away?
CMCS	Either Tom is coming or his sisters are.
CMFS	I am thirsty, for it is hot.
CMFS	The manager was ill so I went in her place.
CMFS	He was a beggar now, for he had lost millions in a night.
CMFS	It's time of year for the rice harvest, so every day I work from dawn until dark.
CMFS	He worked day and night, therefore, he was able to buy the sports car.
CMFS	She must go now, for her boyfriend is waiting for her.
CMFS	The student got up late this morning, so she didn't catch the early bus.
CMFS	I have to stay up late, for I have lots of homework to do.
CMFS	Kate was ill, so she didn't go to school.
CMFS	Danny always feels nervous, so he decides to ask his doctor for help.
CMFS	You'd better take an umbrella with you, for it's going to rain.
CMFS	I've got a meeting to attend, so I have to go now.
CMFS	They asked me to go, so I went.
CMFS	It's dawn, for the birds are singing.
CMFS	It's morning, for the birds are singing.
CMFS	It's winter now, hence the day will be shorter.
CMFS	I apologized to her, for I had wronged her.
CMFS	He felt no fear, for he was very brave.
CMFS	You are supposed to get rid of carelessness, for it often lends to a serious errors.
CMFS	Everyone lent a hand, so the task was done on time.
CMFS	Good technique means less pain and fewer deaths; therefore it¡¯s our duty to master it.
CCSADVC	Admitting he has ability and interest, it does not mean he has time to do the job.
CCSADVC	Admitting that he has ability and interest, it does not mean he has time to do the j
CCSADVC	Although air is light, it has weight.
CCSADVC	Although he is very old, yet he is quite strong.
CCSADVC	Although he was exhausted, still he kept on working.
CCSADVC	Although he was worn out, he kept on working.
CCSADVC	Although he was worn out, still he kept on working.
CCSADVC	Although you may object, I'll go.
CCSADVC	Can you tell me whether it will rain or not tomorrow?
CCSADVC	Child as he is, he know a lot.
CCSADVC	Child as he was, he knew what was the right thing to do.
CCSADVC	Child though he is, he know a lot.
CCSADVC	Child though he was, he knew what was the right thing to do.
CCSADVC	Even if he is poor, she loves him.
CCSADVC	Even though he is poor, she loves him.
CCSADVC	Fast as you read, you can¡¯t finish the book so soon.
CCSADVC	Granted that you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
CCSADVC	Granted you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
CCSADVC	Granting that you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
CCSADVC	Granting you are made some progress, you should not be conceited.
CCSADVC	Hard as he works, he makes little progress.
CCSADVC	Hard though he works, he makes little progress.
CCSADVC	However expensive it may be, I'll take it.
CCSADVC	However hard I have tried, I can not find the answer.
CCSADVC	However often you ring, no one will answer.
CCSADVC	However talented a man may be, the collective will always be wiser and stronger.
CCSADVC	It was an exciting game, although no goals were scored.
CCSADVC	It was an exciting game, though no goals were scored.
CCSADVC	No matter how hard I have tried, I can not find the answer.
CCSADVC	No matter what I say or how I say it, he always thinks I'm wrong.
CCSADVC	No matter what happened, he would not mind.
CCSADVC	No matter what you say, I won't believe you.
CCSADVC	No matter when it rains, this river is flooded.
CCSADVC	No matter which book you borrow, you must return it in a week.
CCSADVC	No matter who you are, you must keep the law.
CCSADVC	Object as you may, I¡¯ll go.
CCSADVC	She passed the examination though she had not studied very hard.
CCSADVC	Though all the world were against me, I would still hold to my opinion.
CCSADVC	Though he is very old, yet he is quite strong.
CCSADVC	Though he looks weak, but he is healthy.
CCSADVC	Though he looks weak, he is healthy.
CCSADVC	Though he tries hard, he never seems.
CCSADVC	Though he was a child, he knew what was the right thing to do.
CCSADVC	Though he was exhausted, still he kept on working.
CCSADVC	Though he was worn out, he kept on working.
CCSADVC	Though he was worn out, still he kept on working.
CCSADVC	Though he works hard, he makes little progress.
CCSADVC	Though you may object, I'll go.
CCSADVC	Try hard as he will, he never seems able to do the work satisfactorily.
CCSADVC	We won't be discouraged even if we fail ten times.
CCSADVC	We won't be discouraged even though we fail ten times.
CCSADVC	We'll make a trip even if the weather is bad.
CCSADVC	We'll make a trip even ithough the weather is bad.
CCSADVC	We'll make a trip even though the weather is bad.
CCSADVC	Whatever happened, he would not mind.
CCSADVC	Whatever you say, I won't believe you.
CCSADVC	Whenever it rains, this river is flooded.
CCSADVC	Whether it rains or not, I shall go out for an outing tomorrow.
CCSADVC	Whether you believe it or not, it's true.
CCSADVC	Whichever book you borrow, you must return it in a week.
CCSADVC	While I like the color, I don't like the shape.
CCSADVC	Whoever you are, you must keep the law.
CCSADVC	You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you're free or busy.
CADVC	I will stay here provided the climate agrees with me.
CADVC	I will stay here providing the climate agrees with me.
CADVC	I would have arrived much earlier if I had not been caught in the traffic.
CADVC	If I were you, I would invite him to the party.
CADVC	If bears are in danger, they attack people.
CADVC	If bears are in danger, they attack people.
CADVC	If it rains tomorrow, we will not go to the zoo.
CADVC	If it stops snowing we can go out.
CADVC	If you ask him, he will help you.
CADVC	If you fail in the exam, you will let him down.
CADVC	If you park your car in the wrong place, a traffic policeman will soon find it.
CADVC	If you receive arequest like this, you can not fail to obey it.
CADVC	If you want to lose weight you must eat less bread.
CADVC	If you want to lose weight you should eat less bread.
CADVC	Provided you clear your desk by this evening, you can have tomorrow off.
CADVC	Provided you promise not to tell anyone else, I'11 explain the secret.
CADVC	Providing there is no opposition, we shall hold the meeting here.
CADVC	Providing you clear your desk by this evening, you can have tomorrow off.
CADVC	Providing you promise not to tell anyone else, I'11 explain the secret.
CADVC	She will keep on singing unless she is told to stop.
CADVC	The concert will be held as schedule unless there is a typhoon.
CADVC	Unless it rains, the game will be played.
CADVC	Unless you keep the meat in the fridge, it goes bad.
CADVC	Unless you listen carefully, you won't know the answer.
CADVC	We can walk there if we can't find a bus.
CADVC	We will go hiking unless it rains tomorrow.
CADVC	What will you do if you find a panda in danger.
CADVC	You can borrow my bike provided you bring it back.
CADVC	You will be very lucky if he lets you go without a ticket.
CADVC	You'll fail in French unless you work harder.
CADVC	Unless England improve their game they're going to lose the match.
CADVC	I wouldn't be saying this unless I were sure of the facts.
CADVC	The other banks are going to be very eager to help,provided that they see that he has a specific plan.
CADVC	I shall go provided that it doesn't rain.
CADVC	I will go providing that my expenses are paid.
CADVC	I will agree to go providing that my expenses are paid.
CADVC	I will agree to go provided that my expenses are paid.
CADVC	He will take the job providing that he may do it in his own time.
RADVC	You must do as your parents tell you.
MNRADVC	You must do as your parents tell you.
RADVC	I have changed it as you suggest.
MNRADVC	I have changed it as you suggest.
RADVC	I am as you can imagine short of money.
MNRADVC	I am as you can imagine short of money.
RADVC	Robbie didn¡¯t feel as she did.
MNRADVC	Robbie didn¡¯t feel as she did.
RADVC	They treated the child as if she were their own.
MNRADVC	They treated the child as if she were their own.
RADVC	I remember the whole thing as if it happened yesterday.
MNRADVC	I remember the whole thing as if it happened yesterday.
RADVC	He treats me as if I am a stranger.
MNRADVC	He treats me as if I am a stranger.
RADVC	The stuffed dog barks as if it is a real one.
MNRADVC	The stuffed dog barks as if it is a real one.
RADVC	Always do to the others as you would be done by.
MNRADVC	Always do to the others as you would be done by.
RADVC	As water is to fish, so air is to man.
MNRADVC	As water is to fish, so air is to man.
RADVC	Just as we sweep our rooms, so we should sweep backward ideas from our minds.
MNRADVC	Just as we sweep our rooms, so we should sweep backward ideas from our minds.
RADVC	They completely ignore these facts as though they never existed.
MNRADVC	They completely ignore these facts as though they never existed.
RADVC	They completely ignore these facts as if they never existed.
MNRADVC	They completely ignore these facts as if they never existed.
RADVC	He looks as if he had been hit by lightning.
MNRADVC	He looks as if he had been hit by lightning.
RADVC	He looks as though he had been hit by lightning.
MNRADVC	He looks as though he had been hit by lightning.
RADVC	It looks as if the weather may pick up very soon.
MNRADVC	It looks as if the weather may pick up very soon.
RADVC	He looks as if he is angry.
MNRADVC	He looks as if he is angry.
RADVC	It looked as if there would be an exciting race.
MNRADVC	It looked as if there would be an exciting race.
RADVC	He behaves as if he were a child.
MNRADVC	He behaves as if he were a child.
RADVC	He opened his lips as if he was going to say something.
MNRADVC	He opened his lips as if he was going to say something.
RADVC	He walked forward as though making a speech.
MNRADVC	He walked forward as though making a speech.
RADVC	He walked forward as if making a speech.
MNRADVC	He walked forward as if making a speech.
RADVC	The clouds has disappeared as if they had done by magic.
MNRADVC	The clouds has disappeared as if they had done by magic.
RADVC	He fell off his horse as if he had been shot.
MNRADVC	He fell off his horse as if he had been shot.
RADVC	He hurriedly left the moon as though she were angry.
MNRADVC	He hurriedly left the moon as though she were angry.
ATC	Above the trees are the mountains, whose magnificence the river faithfully reflects on the surface.
NATC	Above the trees are the mountains, whose magnificence the river faithfully reflects on the surface.
ATC	Angles, whose native language is German, can read and write in several foreign languages.
NATC	Angles, whose native language is German, can read and write in several foreign languages.
ATC	As is known to the PLACE, Mark Twain is a great American writer.
NATC	As is known to the PLACE, Mark Twain is a great American writer.
ATC	As we all know, the earth is round.
NATC	As we all know, the earth is round.
ATC	PLACE, which was founded in TIME, is becoming more and more powerful.
NATC	PLACE, which was founded in TIME, is becoming more and more powerful.
ATC	He forgot to bring his pen with him, as was often the case.
NATC	He forgot to bring his pen with him, as was often the case.
ATC	He has a son , who is an actor.
NATC	He has a son , who is an actor.
ATC	He has to work on TIME, which he doesn't like.
NATC	He has to work on TIME, which he doesn't like.
ATC	He is absorbed in work, as he often was.
NATC	He is absorbed in work, as he often was.
ATC	He may have acute appendicitis,in which case he will have to be operated on.
NATC	He may have acute appendicitis,in which case he will have to be operated on.
ATC	He said that he had never seen her before,which was not true.
NATC	He said that he had never seen her before,which was not true.
ATC	He saw the girl, which delighted him.
NATC	He saw the girl, which delighted him.
ATC	He will put off the picnic until TIME, when he will be free.
NATC	He will put off the picnic until TIME, when he will be free.
ATC	His head soon appeared out of the second storey windows,from where he could see nothing but trees.
NATC	His head soon appeared out of the second storey windows,from where he could see nothing but trees.
ATC	His mother, who loves him very much, is strict with him.
NATC	His mother, who loves him very much, is strict with him.
ATC	I admire the man , who wears a big smile.
NATC	I admire the man , who wears a big smile.
ATC	I like the girl , who is making a pose.
NATC	I like the girl , who is making a pose.
ATC	I went to bed at ten,before when I was reading for an hour.
NATC	I went to bed at ten,before when I was reading for an hour.
ATC	In his office there are nine clerks,the youngest of whom is Mr Liu.
NATC	In his office there are nine clerks,the youngest of whom is Mr Liu.
ATC	Last TIME I visited the People's Great Hall, in which many important meetings are held every year.
NATC	Last TIME I visited the People's Great Hall, in which many important meetings are held every year.
ATC	Light is the fast thing in the world, the speed of which is 300000 kilometer per second.
NATC	Light is the fast thing in the world, the speed of which is 300000 kilometer per second.
ATC	Mr Smith,from whom I have learned a lot,is a famous scientist.
NATC	Mr Smith,from whom I have learned a lot,is a famous scientist.
ATC	My gardener,who is very pessimistic,says that there will be no apples this year.
NATC	My gardener,who is very pessimistic,says that there will be no apples this year.
ATC	Our guide,who was a French Canadian,was an excellent cook.
NATC	Our guide,who was a French Canadian,was an excellent cook.
ATC	Peter, whom you met in PLACE, is now back in PLACE.
NATC	Peter, whom you met in PLACE, is now back in PLACE.
ATC	She is always careless,which we should not be.
NATC	She is always careless,which we should not be.
ATC	She is an artist,which I am not.
NATC	She is an artist,which I am not.
ATC	She was very patient towards the children,which her husband seldom was.
NATC	She was very patient towards the children,which her husband seldom was.
ATC	Sun Yida, whom everyone likes very much, is one of the best athletes in our class.
NATC	Sun Yida, whom everyone likes very much, is one of the best athletes in our class.
ATC	PLACE is,as you know,an inseparable part of PLACE.
NATC	PLACE is,as you know,an inseparable part of PLACE.
ATC	The Thames, which is now clean enough to swim in, was polluted for over a hundred years.
NATC	The Thames, which is now clean enough to swim in, was polluted for over a hundred years.
ATC	The book, which your sister bought you in PLACE, is very useful in improving your spoken English.
NATC	The book, which your sister bought you in PLACE, is very useful in improving your spoken English.
ATC	The boy, whose father is an engineer, studies very hard.
NATC	The boy, whose father is an engineer, studies very hard.
ATC	The novel is very interesting, which made me very glad.
NATC	The novel is very interesting, which made me very glad.
ATC	The novel, which I read last night, is very interesting.
NATC	The novel, which I read last night, is very interesting.
ATC	The old man has a son , who is in the army .
NATC	The old man has a son , who is in the army .
ATC	The play,whose style is informal,is popular with the young people.
NATC	The play,whose style is informal,is popular with the young people.
ATC	The play,whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.
NATC	The play,whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.
ATC	The sun heats the earth , which makes it possible for plants to grow.
NATC	The sun heats the earth , which makes it possible for plants to grow.
ATC	The two brothers were satisfied with this decision,as was agreed beforehand.
NATC	The two brothers were satisfied with this decision,as was agreed beforehand.
ATC	The two policemen were completely trusted,which in fact they were.
NATC	The two policemen were completely trusted,which in fact they were.
ATC	There are 30 chairs in the small hall, most of which are new.
NATC	There are 30 chairs in the small hall, most of which are new.
ATC	These apple trees,which I planted three years ago,have not borne any fruit.
NATC	These apple trees,which I planted three years ago,have not borne any fruit.
ATC	They went to PLACE,where they lived for six months.
NATC	They went to PLACE,where they lived for six months.
ATC	Water,which is a clear liquid,has many uses.
NATC	Water,which is a clear liquid,has many uses.
ATC	We will put off the outing until next week,when we won't be so busy.
NATC	We will put off the outing until next week,when we won't be so busy.
ATC	Wei Hua spent four years in the PLACE, during which period she studied law.
NATC	Wei Hua spent four years in the PLACE, during which period she studied law.
ATC	When deeply absorbed in work,which he often was,he would forget all about eating and sleeping.
NATC	When deeply absorbed in work,which he often was,he would forget all about eating and sleeping.
ATC	Xi'an, which I visited last year, is a nice old city.
NATC	Xi'an, which I visited last year, is a nice old city.
ATC	My friend, who has served on the International Olympic Committee all his life, is retiring next month.
NATC	My friend, who has served on the International Olympic Committee all his life, is retiring next month.
ATC	Have you seen the film Titanic, whose leading actor is world famous?
NATC	Have you seen the film Titanic, whose leading actor is world famous?
OC	Everything depends on whether you agree with us.
OC	He answered that he was listening to me.
OC	He asked if you had written to Peter.
OC	He asked me where he could find Lucy .
OC	He asked whose handwriting was the best.
OC	He hesitated about whether he should drive or take the train.
OC	He is wondering when can he finish this difficult job.
OC	He said that he would go back to the PLACE soon.
OC	He suggested we should clean the corridor every day.
OC	He told me that he was preparing for the English test.
OC	I am glad that you can join us.
OC	I am happy that I have passed the exam.
OC	I am sorry that I have troubled you so long.
OC	I am sure I will pass the exam.
OC	I asked him whether he had done all the work himself or whethe
OC	I asked if I didn't come to school yesterday.
OC	I can't say whether or not thet can come on time.
OC	I don't care whether or not it will rain.
OC	I don't think hens can fly.
OC	I don't think he likes the English teacher.
OC	I feel it a pity that I haven't been to the get-together.
OC	I found it impossible that he could finish it in such a short
OC	I have found out that all the tickets for the concert have bee
OC	I have made it a rule that I keep diaries.
OC	I heard it said that he had gone abroad.
OC	I think it necessary that we take plenty of hot water every da
OC	I think it very strange that he goes out walking almost every
OC	I thought it impossible that he could finish this job in just
OC	I want to know if he broke my e-dictionary yesterday.
OC	Nobody knew whether he could pass the exam.
OC	None of us knows where these new parts can be bought.
OC	Our teacher said that TIME is the first month of the year.
OC	Our teacher told us that light travels much faster than sound.
OC	Please tell me when we'll have the meeting.
OC	Please tell us what they bought in the mall yesterday.
OC	Scientists have proved that the earth turns around the sun.
OC	Tell him which class you are in .
OC	The book will show you what the best CEOs know.
OC	The headmaster hopes everything goes well.
OC	The teacher said that the moon goes around the earth yesterday
OC	We all consider what you said to be unbelievable.
OC	We all expect that they will win , for members of their team a
OC	We all find it important that we make a quick decision about
OC	We are talking about whether we admit students into our club.
OC	We decided whether to walk there.
OC	We discovered what we had learned to be valuable.
OC	We suppose you have finished the project.
OC	We take it that you will agree with us.
OC	We think it wrong that he told a lie to everyone.
OC	We'll be told tomorrow whether we should take the exam or not.
OC	He told that he would go to the college the next year.
OC	I don't know if there will be a bus any more.
OC	I don't know whom you should depend on.
OC	He didn't tell me when we should meet again.
OC	He told us that they would help us though the whole work.
OC	He told me that he would go to the college the next year.
PC	At that time,it seemed as if I couldn't think of the right word.
PC	PLACE is not what it used to be.
PC	Fame and personal gain is what they're after.
PC	He has become what he wanted to be ten years ago.
PC	He is no longer what he was.
PC	His first question was whether Mr. Smith had arrived yet.
PC	His sole requirement was that the system work.
PC	His suggestion is that we should stay calm.
PC	It is not as though we were poor.
PC	It isn't as this is what I want, if you were going away for ever.
PC	It looked as if it was going to rain.
PC	It sounds as if someone is knocking at the door.
PC	It's just because he doesn't know her.
PC	My hope is that he will keep it a secret for ever.
PC	My idea is that we should start making preparations right now.
PC	My problem is which computer to choose.
PC	My question is who will take over president of the Foundation.
PC	My suggestion is that we should start early tomorrow.
PC	My suggestion is that we should tell him.
PC	Next TIME is when we shall meet.
PC	Now it was as though she had known Millie for years.
PC	She has remained where I stood yesterday for an hour.
PC	That is because he had to help his little sister with her homework.
PC	That is where he was born.
PC	That was when I was fifteen.
PC	That's what I want to stress.
PC	That's what we are here for.
PC	That's where I first met her.
PC	That's where you are wrong.
PC	That's why I object to the plan.
PC	That's why he didn't come.
PC	The agument is whether it rains tomorrow.
PC	The fact is that he doesn't really try.
PC	The house is where Lu Xun once lived.
PC	The point is whether we should lend him the money.
PC	The problem is how we can find him.
PC	The problem is how we can get the things we need.
PC	The problem is when we can get a pay rise.
PC	The problem is who can do the work.
PC	The problem is who we can get to replace her.
PC	The question is whether the enemy is marching towards us.
PC	The question is whether the film is worth seeing.
PC	The question is whether we can rely on him.
PC	The question is who we should trust.
PC	The trouble is that I have lost his address.
PC	The trouble is that we are short of funds.
PC	This is what I want.
PC	This is why I am late.
PC	You are not who I thought you were.
PC	China is no longer what she used to be.
PC	The question remains whether they will be able to help us.
PADVC	Better takes more clothes in case the weather is cold.
PADVC	Everyone lend a hand, so that the sowing was done in time.
PADVC	He left early in case he should miss the train.
PADVC	He was worried for fear the child might hurt himself.
PADVC	He works hard in order that his family may be happy.
PADVC	He wrote the name down for fear that he should forget it.
PADVC	I hid the book lest he should see it.
PADVC	I am punishing the child lest he should make the same mistake.
PADVC	I am telling you that lest you should make a mistake.
PADVC	I got up early so that I could catch the first bus.
PADVC	Most students go to college so that they can be engineers, teachers or chemists.
PADVC	Say it louder that everyone can hear you.
PADVC	She has bought the book in order that she can follow the TV lessons.
PADVC	She looked down so that she should not see his eyes.
PADVC	She worked hard in order to be ready by 5 o'clock.
PADVC	The nurses whispered lest they should wake the sleeping child.
PADVC	The boss asked the secretary to hurry up with the letters so that he could sign them.
PADVC	The teacher raised his voice on purpose that the students in the back could hear more clearly.
PADVC	We have learned the native language so that we can speak to the people there.
PADVC	You must speak louder so that you can be heard by all.
RADVC	As all the seats were full,he stood up.
RADVC	As it was raining,I stayed at home.
RADVC	As we've no money,we can't buy it.
RADVC	He could not have seen me,for I was not there.
RADVC	He distrusted me because I was new.
RADVC	I can't get to sleep because of the noise outside.
RADVC	I didn't go because I was afraid.
RADVC	I do it because I like it.
RADVC	I study hard because I want to be a college student in the future.
RADVC	Now that you are here, you'd better stay.
RADVC	Now that you are well again,you can travel.
RADVC	Seeing that it's raining, we'd betterstay indoors.
RADVC	Since we've no money, we can't buy it.
RADVC	Since you're not interested,I won't tell you about it.
RADVC	The country is not strong because it is large.
RADVC	The sweater shrank because it was washed badly.
RADVC	The woolly shrank because it was washed badly.
RADVC	We went by bus because it was cheaper.
RADVC	You can trust those products because the quality never varies.
RADVC	You shouldn't get angry just because some people speak ill of you.
RSLADVC	He worried so that he couldn't sleep.
RSLADVC	He speaks so fast that no one can catch him.
RSLADVC	There is so rapid an increase in population that a food shortage is caused.
RSLADVC	Our country has so much coal that she can export large quantities.
RSLADVC	The shop sells so expensive goods that I want to buy nothing in it.
RSLADVC	He's such a good person that we mustn't blame him.
RSLADVC	They are such fine teachers that we all hold them in great respect.
RSLADVC	It is such nice weather that I would like to go to the beach.
SS	I arrived home.
SS	They work hard.
SS	He likes English very much.
SS	He is generous.
SS	You looks good.
SS	I will tell my friends to protect the trees.
SS	He gave me some seeds.
SS	Mr.Smith teaches us Math.
SS	Nobody went.
SS	We never beat children.
SS	My sister will fix everything.
SS	Mr.Turner is an artist.
SS	She became a lawyer.
SS	I found the book easy.
SS	I'll let him go.
SS	He gave the book to his sister.
SS	I'll write you a long letter.
SC	How this happened is not clear to anyone.
SC	That he will come is certain.
SC	That he will help others is a fact.
SC	That he will not come to the meeting this evening is true.
SC	That price will go up is certain.
SC	What I want to know is this.
SC	What we need is money.
SC	Whatever he did is right.
SC	Whatever she did was right.
SC	When he will be back depends on the weather.
SC	When he will come is a puzzle.
SC	When he will come is not known.
SC	When we'll start tomorrow will be told soon.
SC	Where the test will be given is not yet decided.
SC	Whether the meeting will be put off has not been decided yet.
SC	Whether they would support us was a problem.
SC	Which side will win is not clear.
SC	Who killed the scientist remains a question.
SC	Whoever breaks the law will be punished.
SC	Whoever wants to enter into this school must take the exam.
SC	What he needs are some books.
SC	It is certain that she will do well in her exam.
SC	It's a pity that we can't go.
SC	It is said that Mr. Green has arrived in PLACE.
SC	It happened that I was out that day.
SC	It doesn't matter whether she will come or not.
SC	It's a pity that he didn't come.
SC	It was a problem whether they would support us.
SC	It remains to be seen whether it will do us harm or good.
SC	That you didn't go to the talk was a pity.
SC	That you will win the medal seems unlikely.
SC	That you are so indifferent bothers me.
SC	That she survived the accident is a miracle.
SC	Whether she is coming or not doesn't matter too much.
SC	What you need is more practice.
SC	What I want to know is this.
SC	Where we should leave it is a problem.
SC	When they will come hasn't been made pubic.
SC	It is known to all that light travels in straight lines.
SC	When the plane is to take off has not been announced.
SC	Which of them escaped from the prison is still a mystery.
SC	It is a mystery to me how it all happened.
SC	It is common knowledge that the whale is not a fish.
SC	It is no surprise that Bob should have won the game.
SC	It is doubtful whether she will be able to come.
SC	It was really astonishing that he refused to talk to you.
SC	It is essential that he should be here by the weekend.
SC	It does not make any difference whether it rains or not.
SC	It shocked me that Peter did not tell anybody where he was.
SC	It does not interest me whether you go or not.
TADVC	After we had finished the work, we went home.
TADVC	By the time the war ended, millions of children became orphans.
TADVC	By the time you came back, I had finished this book.
TADVC	Each time he came to PLACE, he would call on me.
TADVC	He had hardly fallen asleep when he felt a soft touch on his shoulder.
TADVC	He had no sooner finished his speech than the students started cheering.
TADVC	He had scarcely began his song when the audience shouted at him.
TADVC	He was on the point of leaving when someone knocked at the door.
TADVC	He was still smiling when the door opened and his wife came in.
TADVC	I didn't go to bed until my father came back.
TADVC	I have been in PLACE since you left.
TADVC	I have heard a lot of good things about you since I came back from abroad.
TADVC	I was deep in gambling when the police entered.
TADVC	I was thinking of this when I heard my name called.
TADVC	It began to rain just as I arrived home.
TADVC	It's much easier to make friends when you have similar interests.
TADVC	Mary made coffee while her guests were finishing their meal.
TADVC	Nancy enjoyed herself so much when she visited her friends in PLACE TIME.
TADVC	One TIME, we were packing to leave for a weekend away when my daughter heard cries for help.
TADVC	Peter was so excited when he received invitation from his friend to visit PLACE.
TADVC	She had just finished her homework when her mother asked her to practice playing the piano yeste
TADVC	The audience applauded John when he ended his speech.
TADVC	The moment I heard the news, I hastened to the spot.
TADVC	The next time she saw him,he was cooking rice.
TADVC	The villagers were enjoying their peaceful life when a war broke out.
TADVC	They had no sooner concluded the war than they were faced with pestilence.
TADVC	This new policy came in the very times when they really needed it.
TADVC	We were about to leave when he came in.
TADVC	We were about to start when it began to rain.
TADVC	We were having our picnic when it rained.
TADVC	When I die,my children can take care of themselves.
TADVC	When I lived in the countryside, I used to carry some water for him.
TADVC	When she turned off the light, she went to bed.
TADVC	When the war ended,millions had been killed.
TADVC	Whenever I have to give a speech, I get extremely nervous before I start.
TADVC	While my wife was reading the newspaper, I was watching TV.
TADVC	You can't borrow books from the school library before you get your student card.
TADVC	You grow younger every time I see you.
TADVC	You must learn to consult your feelings and your reason when you reach any decision.
TADVC	You will be unhappy when you are old and poor.
TADVC	I was just reading a book when she came into my room.
TADVC	While Jim was mending his bike, Lin Tao came to see him.
TADVC	I will call you when I get home.
TADVC	I was about to leave the room when the phone rang.
TADVC	The days get longer when spring comes.
TADVC	Close the door before you leave the room.
TADVC	I went to school after I finished my breakfast.
TADVC	I'll call you as soon as I get home.
TADVC	I'll wait here till the rain stops.
TADVC	I'll wait here still the rain stops.
TADVC	You can't go home until you finish your work.
TADVC	You can't go home till you finish your work.
TADVC	AsÂ theÂ weatherÂ wentÂ onÂ theÂ weatherÂ gotÂ worse.
WADVC	And where there is shale there is likely to be oil.
WADVC	Everywhere they went, they were warmly received.
WADVC	Fill in the blanks with articles where it is necessary.
WADVC	Go back where you came from.
WADVC	He advised me to live where the air is fresher.
WADVC	He is welcome wherever he goes.
WADVC	He took me where we might dine and talk.
WADVC	In peace, too, the Red Cross is expected to send help wherever there is human suffering.
WADVC	Keep it where you can see it.
WADVC	Sit wherever you like.
WADVC	They arrived where they had fallen in love ten years ago.
WADVC	They will go where they are happy.
WADVC	We can't cooperate where there is no common benefit.
WADVC	We eat,sleep and work where our forefathers have lived and died.
WADVC	We have to go where everybody has to go.
WADVC	We must camp where we can get water.
WADVC	We went home, where we had dinner.
WADVC	Where I live there are plenty of trees.
WADVC	Where the Communist Party of China goes, there the people are liberated.
WADVC	Where the sea is, you will find seamen.
WADVC	Where there is a will, there is a way.
WADVC	Where there is life,there is hope.
WADVC	Where there is no rain, farming is difficult or impossible.
WADVC	Wherever I am I will be thinking of you.
WADVC	Wherever you work, you will gain much valuable experience as long as you are willing to work.
WADVC	With a car,a person can go where he pleases and when he pleases.
WADVC	You may go anywhere you like.
WADVC	You should have put the book where you found it.
WADVC	He lives where there are a lot sheep.
WADVC	I should put the book where I can see it.
WADVC	Make a mark where you have any question.
WADVC	I found my wallet where I fell down yesterday.
WADVC	Where there is a river, there is a city.
WADVC	Wherever you go, I will follow you.
