After we had finished the work, we went home.                                                   
By the time the war ended, millions of children became orphans.                                 
By the time you came back, I had finished this book.                                            
Each time he came to PLACE, he would call on me.                                                
He had hardly fallen asleep when he felt a soft touch on his shoulder.                          
He had no sooner finished his speech than the students started cheering.                        
He had scarcely began his song when the audience shouted at him.                                
He was on the point of leaving when someone knocked at the door.                                
He was still smiling when the door opened and his wife came in.                                 
I didn't go to bed until my father came back.                                                   
I have been in PLACE since you left.                                                            
I have heard a lot of good things about you since I came back from abroad.                      
I was deep in gambling when the police entered.                                                 
I was thinking of this when I heard my name called.                                             
It began to rain just as I arrived home.                                                        
It's much easier to make friends when you have similar interests.                               
Mary made coffee while her guests were finishing their meal.                                    
Nancy enjoyed herself so much when she visited her friends in PLACE TIME.                       
One TIME, we were packing to leave for a weekend away when my daughter heard cries for help.    
Peter was so excited when he received invitation from his friend to visit PLACE.                
She had just finished her homework when her mother asked her to practice playing the piano yeste
The audience applauded John when he ended his speech.                                           
The moment I heard the news, I hastened to the spot.                                            
The next time she saw him,he was cooking rice.                                                  
The villagers were enjoying their peaceful life when a war broke out.                           
They had no sooner concluded the war than they were faced with pestilence.                      
This new policy came in the very times when they really needed it.                              
We were about to leave when he came in.                                                         
We were about to start when it began to rain.                                                   
We were having our picnic when it rained.                                                       
When I die,my children can take care of themselves.                                             
When I lived in the countryside, I used to carry some water for him.                            
When she turned off the light, she went to bed.                                                 
When the war ended,millions had been killed.                                                    
Whenever I have to give a speech, I get extremely nervous before I start.                       
While my wife was reading the newspaper, I was watching TV.                                     
You can't borrow books from the school library before you get your student card.                
You grow younger every time I see you.                                                          
You must learn to consult your feelings and your reason when you reach any decision.            
You will be unhappy when you are old and poor.
I was just reading a book when she came into my room.                                                  
While Jim was mending his bike, Lin Tao came to see him.
I will call you when I get home.
I was about to leave the room when the phone rang.
The days get longer when spring comes.
Close the door before you leave the room.
I went to school after I finished my breakfast.
I'll call you as soon as I get home.
I'll wait here till the rain stops.
I'll wait here still the rain stops.
You can't go home until you finish your work.
You can't go home till you finish your work.
As the weather went on the weather got worse.
