And where there is shale there is likely to be oil.                                                       
Everywhere they went, they were warmly received.                                                          
Fill in the blanks with articles where it is necessary.                                                   
Go back where you came from.                                                                              
He advised me to live where the air is fresher.                                                           
He is welcome wherever he goes.                                                                           
He took me where we might dine and talk.                                                                  
In peace, too, the Red Cross is expected to send help wherever there is human suffering.                  
Keep it where you can see it.                                                                             
Sit wherever you like.                                                                                    
They arrived where they had fallen in love ten years ago.                                                 
They will go where they are happy.                                                                        
We can't cooperate where there is no common benefit.                                                      
We eat,sleep and work where our forefathers have lived and died.                                          
We have to go where everybody has to go.                                                                  
We must camp where we can get water.                                                                      
We went home, where we had dinner.                                                                        
Where I live there are plenty of trees.                                                                   
Where the Communist Party of China goes, there the people are liberated.                                  
Where the sea is, you will find seamen.                                                                   
Where there is a will, there is a way.                                                                    
Where there is life,there is hope.                                                                        
Where there is no rain, farming is difficult or impossible.                                               
Wherever I am I will be thinking of you.                                                                  
Wherever you work, you will gain much valuable experience as long as you are willing to work.             
With a car,a person can go where he pleases and when he pleases.                                          
You may go anywhere you like.                                                                             
You should have put the book where you found it.                                                          
He lives where there are a lot sheep.
I should put the book where I can see it.
Make a mark where you have any question.
I found my wallet where I fell down yesterday.
Where there is a river, there is a city.
Wherever you go, I will follow you.